Oatmeal Cookies

This recipe makes about 21 chewy cookies.

1 cup flour
1 teaspoon double-acting baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ginger
1 cup quick-cooking rolled oats
1 cup light brown sugar
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup milk
1 egg

Get Ready

Set the oven teperature to 375 degrees.

Grease the cookie sheets well.

Make The Cookie Batter

1. Get a large mixing bowl and a sifter. Measure the flour,
                  the baking powder, the  salt, and the two spices into the
         sifter. Sift them into the bowl.

2. Measure the rolled oats. (Be sure you have quick-cooking
          oats, not instant oatmeal.) Pour the oats onto the flour.
          Stir with a mixing spoon.

3. Pack the brown sugar into a measuring cup and dump it in
          the mixing bowl. Stir the brown sugar into the dry mixture.

4. Now measure the vegetable oil and pour it in. Measure the
          milk and por it in, too. Don't stir yet!

5. Get a cup. Break the egg into the cup, then pour it into the
          pool of oil and milk.

6. Now, mix! Stir around and around. The batter will be hard 
          to stir. Stir with all your might. Stir until you have a goeey
          brown batter with no lumps of brown sugar.

Shape And Bake The Cookies

      You will need an "eating" teaspoon to shape these cookies.
For each cookie, scoop out a teaspoonful of batter and push it
onto the greased cookie sheat. Leave plenty of room around 
each one. They will spread out as they bake.
     Put the cookie sheet into the hot oven. (Remember the pot
holders!) They will be done in 10 or 12 minutes. (If you have 
another cookie sheet, get another batch ready while you wait.)
	After 10 minutes, look at the cookies in the oven. They 
should look like flat round cakes. If they look brown enough, 
take them out now. If they are not quite done, let them bake
another two minutes.
	Lift the cookies off the cookie sheet with a spatula and set
them on a wire rack to cool. Be careful, they are very soft.
     Into the oven goes the next batch!  Into your mouth goes a 
warm, just-out of-the-oven oatmeal cookie!
